[Applause]
Rafa Crossing gaza's only opening to the
world which isn't controlled by
Israel but the road to Egypt has been
all but shut for the past
year relations between Hamas and Egypt
are badly
strained today gin heard Rafa would be
open but only for the injured the ill
and foreigners
but a busload of desperate people is
still turned
back we prefer to stay here at the
Crossing rather than going home going
home means
[Music]
death I'm scared says his 8-year-old
daughter very scared of
War a Crossing like this is a relief vow
for the people of gazin for most who
live here this is their only way out
which is why during these difficult
ceasefire talks opening the road to
Egypt is one of the main
demands and it matters politically too
if this war ends without lifting The
Siege and opening RAF cring it would
mean nothing to the Palestinians and and
there would be a lot of anger at Hamas
Israeli attacks are striking at the very
core of gazen
Life water
pipes electricity lines sewage systems
have been hit and
hit three pipes here were hit by
Israel's air strikes every time we fix a
pipe we Face another problem they come
back and strike
again even before this war most gazin
didn't have running
water or more than a few hours of
electricity a 7-year Israeli blockade
ever since Hamas came to power is
paralyzing the economy Israel says it's
a security measure but it's choking life
here in Gaza today they were clearing
Rubble again War has made life much
harder but for gazin ending the war must
mean easing the blockade otherwise life
itself is just one long battle to
survive least to set BBC news
Gaza